Discovery: Remove load balancing and failover support using DNS (#72)
CycloneDX/transparency-exchange-api: discovery/readme.md

failover functionality to make sure that the information is always reachable.

At the URL we need a well-known name space to find out where the API endpoint is hosted.
This is solved by using the ".well-known" name space as defined by the IETF.

- `urn:tei:uuid:products.example.com:d4d9f54a-abcf-11ee-ac79-1a52914d44b1`
- Syntax: `urn:tei:uuid:<name based on domain>:<unique identifier>`

The name in the DNS name part points to a set of DNS records.
A TEI with name “tea.example.com" queries for `tea.example.com HTTPS records.
These point to the hosts available for the Transparency Exchange API.
Note that "tea.example.com" may not have A/AAAA records at all if it
points to other servers, like "tea01.example.org" and "teahost.example.net".

If there are no HTTPS records, try to resolve the name (using AAAA and A DNS records).

After selecting a host and resolving that to IP address, the TEA client
connects to the host using HTTPS with the original name, not the one found
in DNS. The URI is composed of the name with the  "/.well-known/tea" prefix added.

```text
tea.example.com.   3600 IN HTTPS  1  tea01.prod.example.com.
```

> Results in `https://tea.example.com/.well-known/tea/<identifier>` while connecting to

Reviewer: I'm unclear why we'd connect to a host that is different from the URL - doesn't this just mean we'd connect to `https://tea01.prod.example.com/.well-known/tea/<identifier>` ?

Reviewer: Also, I'd drop the `<identifier>` from this example as that is subject to the API Specification

Author: Fixed in 7396851

the host tea01.prod.example.com.

### Load balancing and fail over

Example zone:

```text
tea.example.com.   3600 IN HTTPS  10  tea01.prod.example.com.
tea.example.com.   3600 IN HTTPS  10  tea02.prod.example.com.
tea.example.com.   3600 IN HTTPS  20  tea03.prod.example.com.
```

In this case servers tea01 and tea02 will get 50% of the load each.
If they are not reachable, tea03 will be used for failover.

It is recommended to have a third party external repository as the last priority.

### Finding the Index using DNS result

Append the product part of the TEI to the URI found

- TEI: `urn:tei:uuid:products.example.com:d4d9f54a-abcf-11ee-ac79-1a52914d44b1`
- DNS record: `products.example.com`
- Server found in DNS HTTPS record: `teapot.prod.example.com`

> - URL: `https://products.example.com/.well-known/tea/d4d9f54a-abcf-11ee-ac79-1a52914d44b1/`

Reviewer: As per above - I'm unclear why the URL would not be `https://teapot.prod.example.com/.well-known/tea/d4d9f54a-abcf-11ee-ac79-1a52914d44b1/`

Author: DNS is just used to find the server for the HTTPS://products.example.com URI 

I parse the RFC as this is NOT a redirection which would change the URI.

Author: I don't know if any web browsers or curl actually use these records. Will check with CURL.

Author: Removed all HTTPS support.

- HTTP 302 redirect to "https://teapot02.consumer.example.com/tea/v2/product-index/d4d9f54a-abcf-11ee-ac79-1a52914d44b1'

> The server at "teapot.prod.example.com" needs a TLS certificate including "products.example.com"

Reviewer: Why would we not just connect to `teapot.prod.example.com`? I don't understand the value provided by the TLS cert at `teapot.prod.example.com` also including a Subject Alt Name of `products.example.com`

Author: Because the "user" is connecting to "products.example.com" - all the other host names just show up in DNS resolution to find a proper HTTP server to connect to, but they don't change the URI that was requested.

Reviewer: I guess this is akin to using `CNAME` records with regular HTTP web browsing...

Author: As CNAME can't be used at top level, like "https://edvina.net" these records will work there. Yes, it's similar.

connects to the host using HTTPS with the original name, not the one found
in DNS. The URI is composed of the name with the  "/.well-known/tea" prefix added.

```text
tea.example.com.   3600 IN HTTPS  1  tea01.prod.example.com.
```

Results in the base URI (without the product identifier) 
`https://tea.example.com/.well-known/tea/` while connecting to
the host tea01.prod.example.com.

### Load balancing and fail over

Example zone:

```text
tea.example.com.   3600 IN HTTPS  10  tea01.prod.example.com.
tea.example.com.   3600 IN HTTPS  10  tea02.prod.example.com.
tea.example.com.   3600 IN HTTPS  20  tea03.prod.example.com.
```

In this case servers tea01 and tea02 will get 50% of the load each.
If they are not reachable, tea03 will be used for failover.

It is recommended to have a third party external repository as the last priority.

## Connecting to the API

When connecting to the ".well-known/tea" URI with the unique identifier
a HTTP redirect is **required**.

The server MUST redirect HTTP requests for that resource
to the actual "context path" using one of the available mechanisms
provided by HTTP (e.g., using a 301, 303, or 307 response).  Clients

> MUST handle HTTP redirects on the ".well-known" URI.  Servers MUST

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST handle HTTP redirects on the `.well-known` URI.  Servers MUST
```

NOT locate the actual TEA service endpoint at the

> ".well-known" URI as per Section 1.1 of [RFC5785].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.well-known` URI as per Section 1.1 of [RFC5785].
```

### Overview: Finding the Index using DNS result

Append the product part of the TEI to the URI found

- TEI: `urn:tei:uuid:products.example.com:d4d9f54a-abcf-11ee-ac79-1a52914d44b1`
- DNS record: `products.example.com`

> - Server found in DNS HTTPS record: `teapot.prod.example.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Server found in DNS `HTTPS` record: `teapot.prod.example.com`
```

- URL: `https://products.example.com/.well-known/tea/d4d9f54a-abcf-11ee-ac79-1a52914d44b1/`
- HTTP 302 redirect to "https://teapot02.consumer.example.com/tea/v2/product-index/d4d9f54a-abcf-11ee-ac79-1a52914d44b1'

> The server at "teapot.prod.example.com" needs a TLS certificate including "products.example.com"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server at `teapot.prod.example.com` needs a TLS certificate that valid for `products.example.com` 
```

> in the subject alt name. "teapot02.consumer.example.com" needs a certificate with that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - e.g. with `products.example.com` in the subject alt name. `teapot02.consumer.example.com` needs a certificate with that
```

host name.

> If no HTTPS records are found the resolution defaults to A and AAAA records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no `HTTPS` records are found the resolution defaults to `A` and `AAAA` records.
```
